Add missing feature tags `threads` and `nothreads` in documentation table (#11130)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/scripting/gdextension/gdextension_file.rst

    linux.release.rv64 = "res://bin/libgdexample.linux.template_release.rv64.so"

> Libraries are processed in order, so if two sets of feature tags could match

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Entries are matched in order, so if two sets of feature tags could match
```

I'm not sure why, but this would be easier to understand for me.
